update tilemap doc (#1647)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/components/tiledmap.md

| Property | Description
| :---------------- | :----------------- |

> | **Tmx Asset** | Specifies a map asset in `.tmx` format (Please put `.tmx` and `.tsx` in the same folder)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Tmx Asset** | Specifies a map asset in `.tmx` format (Ensure the `.tmx` and `.tsx` are in the same folder)|
```
